---
title: "Conference Proceeding talk 3 on Relevant Topic in Your Field"
collection: talks
type: "Conference proceedings talk"
permalink: /talks/2014-03-01-talk-3
venue: "Testing Institute of America 2014 Annual Conference"
date: 2014-03-01
location: "Los Angeles, CA"
---

The conference was organised by the Hong Kong Jockey Club Global Health Institute (HKJCGHI) and HITAP Thailand, with support from D24H and the School of Public Health at the University of Hong Kong. This conference focuses on a few key objectives: 1) cutting edge research, methods and tools in infectious disease mdoelling; 2) policy relevance; 3) strengthening LMICs capacity; 4) region-specific challenges; and 5) equitable access to modelling tools - see their [website](https://idmconference.net/) for more details! This was actually quite special because it's the first modeling conference hosted in Southeast Asia! Usually, the big conference in our field, EPIDEMICS, is held in Europe or North America, so having one in our region was really exciting.

For me, it was more than just a conference — it was an enriching experience. Despite my hectic schedule and coming directly from my vacation, my first visit to Bangkok was refreshing. The vibrant atmosphere and meeting the energetic and extremely welcoming locals made it a wonderful experience. 

I was particularly excited to present my work, as this was my first in-person talk at a conference. Since most of my PhD journey took place during COVID, all of my previous conference presentations had been online. During my talk, I highlighted the role of human mobility in infectious disease modeling and how we can incorporate this factor into our models.

I had the privilege of listening to the great talks and engaging with leading researchers in this field. This conference gave me a broader perspective on infectious disease modeling, including how to think critically as a modeler and effectively communicate with various stakeholders. It was also a pleasure to reconnect with the MIDSEA group after a few months.

Attending this conference was a truly rewarding experience. I gained new insights, grew as a researcher, and left with fresh ideas to explore. I look forward to joining future events and continuing to learn and contribute to this research community.
